[docs] Tutorial on SLURM sweeps (#359)
facebookresearch/mmf: website/docs/tutorials/slurm.md

---
id: slurm

> title: Hyperparameter Large Scale Sweeps on Slurm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Large Scale Hyperparameter Sweeps on Slurm
```

sidebar_label: Sweeping on Slurm
---

> MMF provides a utility script for running large scale hyperparameter sweeps on SLURM based cluster setups. A grid search is run on all permutations for the values provided for each of the hyperparameters in the script. The dotlist overrides provided via MMF's configuration system allows easily overriding any configuration parameter through this script. This script is created based on sweep scripts provided in FAIRSeq authored by [@myleott](https://github.com/myleott).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MMF provides a utility script for running large scale hyperparameter sweeps on SLURM based cluster setups. A grid search is run on all permutations for the values provided for each of the hyperparameters in the script. The dotlist overrides provided via MMF's configuration system allows to easily override any configuration parameter through this script. This script is created based on sweep scripts provided in FAIRSeq authored by [@myleott](https://github.com/myleott).
```
